Yes, Jang Wook is not dead.
And saved the life of that immortal Truong Dong Sinh.
They went to the traditional Chinese medicine center.
It is an honor to serve you.
This is what the Jiang family has always wanted to seize.
Traditional Chinese Medicine Center Bonus
At first they forced my father to hand over the geomantic energy.
My father refused.
They beat my father very badly.
I took my father to see a doctor.
They also led people to destroy this wall.
That's why it turned into this form.
This Giang family is too much.
It's all me who is useless.
It is impossible to keep our family property for generations.
You are confident with your art
It can definitely revive the beauty.
Hate.
Let's go get local gas.